Clarify in what context nf-core modules test command can be executed (#4282)
nf-core/website: sites/docs/src/content/docs/developing/tutorials/writing-nf-core-modules/6-testing.md

nf-core modules test <tool>/<subcommand>
```

:::warning

> The `nf-core` tools test commands only work on modules repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nf-core modules test` command only works on modules repositories.
```
